these are some of the rarest limited
edition Tech products on the entire
planet so that's phones yes but also
bigger things like literally the biggest
limited edition product I've ever
unboxed and we're going to start with
something pretty Cutting Edge but only
in the very literal sense this is a £45
or $56 razor oh my God this package is
insane how much do they think I lift oh
my God Cy this isn't four Gamers by
Gamers this is four bodybuilders by
Psychopaths
ah but yeah this razor is made in what
must be the weirdest Tech collab I've
ever seen Gillette and Razer you know
the gaming company apparently this is a
magnetic display stand
but I have doubts and it says four
Gamers by Gamers which I find kind of
hilarious as the last thing your hair
will ever see but you know what's even
stranger about all of this it originated
as an April Falls joke in 2023 Razer
made this absolutely ridiculous trailer
for a fictional product a mouse that you
could also use to keep your facial hair
in check while gaming cuz you know us
real Gamers don't leave the basement for
months at a time and while obviously
they didn't make that that trailer had
such a vocal reception that it must have
triggered the thought wait a sec why
doesn't Razer make a
Razer did it do a good
job did it I can't see it's actually a
really good shape which I'm not actually
surprised by it cuz this is a limited
edition version of the exact same
Gillette Labs razor that I've just
recently showed you I've been carrying
around every day in my backpack anyway
do you mind filming from that side only
I've not not had hair on here for 8
years probably but now we move all the
way up to $300 with the Starfield Chrono
Mark Smartwatch for those of you who
don't know Starfield was one of the most
hyped video game launches in recent
history it was meant to be open world
exploration but on an interplanetary
scale like you see a planet or a moon
you can land on that planet or Moon I
mean the game had to be a pretty big
deal for them to make a custom Smart
watch Just For The Limited Edition
version of it so this is the steelbook
display case inside of which no way
that's a cred stick these are the uh for
some reason physical currency in this
space age futuristic setting and on the
back is the code to redeem the game that
is such a smart way to fuse the game's
world into the real world but this is
what you're mostly paying for the Chrono
Mark watch which again is an actual
in-game item that you play with oh OD AR
near my butter fingers I got to say
whoever designed this packaging needs a
pat on the back I mean this is proper
metal running down the sides the
detailing as well I feel so immersed and
then to open it wait so pull down and
then twist oh my God the nerd inside of
me is struggling to cope so this is a
constellation patch constellation is the
faction trying to uncover the mysteries
of the universe this thing is called the
chronome mark watch established in 2188
that's pretty cool and then oh this
interior material is incredible it's
like really bouncy Rubber and then the
watch
itself it feels a lot more premium than
I was expecting it to all the plastic
areas have this nice matte finish and
then all the metallic areas are actual
metal wa not bad you know what it can
actually do quite a lot too so obviously
it tells the time but what's quite
clever is because the clock hands go
around the edge of the screen at all
times you can keep reading the time
while also doing other things wish my
Apple watch had that so it's got the
current moon phase it's got a
temperature sensor barometer
magnetometer it's coming pretty close to
making me feel like a real astronaut
accelerometer so you know it can measure
your steps and it also connects to your
phone via Bluetooth so if I tap this for
example yeah I can play and pause the
songs from my phone Spotify it's
definitely not an Apple Watch
replacement it's a simple watch but just
done really well and you got to admit
there is something so uniquely surreal
about wielding in your real hands items
that you spent the last 6 month month
holding in your virtual hands in a video
game it looks like every time you turn
it off it gives you a different parting
message or quote from a sci-fi movie
this feels an awful lot like a 9 out of
10 to me now this is where being able to
look at all limited edition Tech and not
just phones starts to get juicy when two
companies do a cool special collab we
can test the full Suite of Products that
come from it so you know Transformers
right well bumblebe is one of the most
famous he's one of the Autobots the good
guys and while not the biggest or the
strongest he just he tries very hard and
that's endearing in its own way so the
tech company red magic decided to bottle
his yellow puppy dog energy into a mouse
a keyboard and a phone so first is the
mouse they call this the ultra Edition
and to be fair they price it like an
ultra Edition too but that does mean a
few cool things though see when you
really get into mice it's not just about
how smooth it Glides across your surface
it's also about the level of sensitivity
how many pixels or dots that your mouse
cursor moves across per inch that you
physically move your mouse or the DPI a
normal office Mouse might go up to like
2,000 DPI or 5,000 DPI gaming mice like
this one
26,000 okay so this is the lowest DPI
setting oh my goodness that's painful
yeah you could not play like that you
turn it around you click the DPI button
and it turns it up now straight away
this is like the stock DPI that most
non-gaming mice would ship with and it's
workable I now only have to move my
wrist instead of my whole arm so let's
go up another level oh okay so this is
starting to feel very sensitive this
feels like enough DPI for any kind of
competitive gamer who needs twitch
controls and the ability to kind of
instantly spin around so what happens
when we go up again ah
hey okay it's starting to get a little
bit dizzy with this motion but I suppose
the benefit of this is that now I barely
need to move my physical movements are
now basically imperceptible but you can
see how much differ difference it's
making on the screen the mouse is
accurate enough that it feels like
you're taking full advantage of that DPI
and it's not disorienting the design
though it does look sick it's pretty
nice and Meaty to rip onto if we just
plug it in oh yes the LEDs are
Tastefully done I got to say it's not
too much it's just the logo at the back
and then these two on either side of the
mouse buttons which I assume are bumble
be's eyes so the lights actually turn on
when you leave the mouse on standby but
then as soon as you grip it and move it
they turn off it does make a lot of
sense for a Bluetooth mouse cuz you
don't want to spend all of your precious
battery life lighting up his eyes
although I will say glossy translucent
plastic is an interesting choice for the
single tech product most prone to
fingerprints and by interesting I of
course mean brain dead because uh good
luck keeping this clean but I do feel
like it's going to look really cool
together once we've unboxed all the
Bumblebee stuff so keyc cap remover a
braided cable and this is the mechanical
keyboard
oh la la yes this is like the most
unashamedly committed to the brief
design I think I've ever seen it's got a
brushed aluminium body this feels good I
love the slightly passive aggressive win
more games Motif that they've got
plastered across it like okay I'll try
it also just feels like a really nicely
built keyboard this is one of red
Magic's first mechanical keyboards ever
it's quite difficult to get this much
right on your first attempt so you can
toggle your lighting Effects by pressing
FN
insert W there some really funky ones
and having this like dedicated lighting
strip really draws your attention to it
you can toggle colors with FN plus
delete and then the speed of the
animation and the brightness of the keys
with FN plus your arrow keys which is a
pretty nicely done system cuz you've got
complete control without needing any
external programs but I will say the
lighting is not the brightest H if you
look from the side you can see the
keyboard has quite a significant
downward slope which some people like
for you know key reachability but I
person find a bit of a pain like
literally a bit of a pain cuz I've
caused myself quite a bit of hand
trouble from all this arching but here's
the question on my mind why is there a
screen on the keyboard we just finally
got rid of screens on keyboards on the
MacBooks now we got another one okay so
it gives you volume control well that's
kind of pointless since volume control
is literally a key press away anyway you
can monitor your computer's performance
which again your computer internally
monitors its own stats anyway and then
you've got control over lighting
brightness speed color
so it's literally a complete duplication
of the functionality already embedded
within the keyboard that's a bit
disappointing I was expecting the screen
to add some sort of new dimension the
only thing that's somewhat cool about it
is it does let you upload your own
images to it and display them as like a
permanent piece of customization but
then at the same time what a tremendous
waste of battery life but this is where
the real fun comes with the mechanical
keyboard the actual key mechanism
there's so many different types of key
mechanism you can go for some are Ultra
clicky and typewriter light but you can
also go all the way to the complete
opposite like super short key travel and
no noise at all oh oh yes this is one of
the best keyboards I've ever felt in my
life these feel about halfway in between
those two extremes they're quite low
travel so that you can press very
quickly but they also really let you
feel when each key has been pressed
which is really useful for games because
in a way then you're looking at your
screen and your keyboard is reinforcing
to you that you are indeed pressing the
things that you think you're pressing
you can also really feel the gasket
structure which is basically a layer of
rubber that absorbs the vibration it
makes clicking softer but it also means
that when I click this key for example
that impact feels completely isolated
from the key sitting right next to it so
let's add the phone into that mix and it
really feels like there's someone at the
Hasbro company whose entire job is just
to hand out licensing deals for
Transformers themed gadgets I'm pretty
sure we've seen more limited edition
Transformers products than like any
other brand ever not that I'm
complaining though they do look amazing
so the phone comes in a hexagonal box
kind of poetic for a bumblebee now I
think about it there's a gaming fan
which looks every bit as Extreme as
you'd want it to on a phone this price a
metal badge this is not half-hearted
stuff too I am on board the charger
featuring Bumblebee's not so pretty face
on it and it's a very fast charger too
but I'll get back to that what's in here
Sim ejector which has the Autobots logo
oh
manuals with every page also in theme
clap clap and a case with a magnetic
ring which looks like it's specifically
designed for this coing fan to attach
and then the phone oh no no no it keeps
going there's not one but two USBC
cables one yellow one black holy cow
guys I'm just thinking actually does
this case allow it to work with apple
mag safe okay so
yeah it snaps in it's just the phone
doesn't have any wireless charging
support well that feels intuitive I have
to say this thing looks so good if I was
not a blue and white kind of guy I would
be a yellow and black guy it is still a
glassback phone but they've really made
it look like metal with this whole plate
behind it and you can even see the
exposed actual black metal screws it's
very fitting for a robot themed phone
and this fan is also pretty Next Level
this is a new gen caller that extends
the refrigeration area to Now cover
basically the entire contact surface but
also it can now constantly monitor the
temperature inside of the phone and
scale its own output according to the
needs of the phone but with the ability
to cool the phone down by up to 30° C if
needed I'm actually so hot right now oh
my goodness me that is the best thing
ever it's insane it's like a it's like a
handheld refrigerator oh it's so
reliably consistently cold and it's not
cool this is cold cold to the touch I
mean just to give you an idea a 30°
difference is enough to take you from a
hot hot room into a room so cold that
you would get frostbite if you stayed
there you try it are you a
fan oh also the charger that you saw
this thing right here can do 165 W fast
charging which is a pretty absurd figure
so the phone is empty right now let's
plug it in and come back in a few
minutes to see just how fast 3 2 1 go
and it's already off how is it at 1%
already now I don't know if this is just
a British thing but it feels to me like
Harry Potter was such a massive part of
everyone's childhood every Christmas
drisha and I basically do a movie
marathon of the entire series and that's
why seeing it all in tech form which is
like my current passion hits so hard for
me we actually have seen a Harry Potter
film before but this is meant to be the
next level up from that plus there's now
a Harry Potter tablet too so let's get
into the phone first my goodness it
feels like one of those uh interactive
story books this is an image of
diagonale by the way if you know you
know then the phone
and behind it that's the Sword of godric
Gryffindor is this some sort of code for
something I can't figure it out please
tell me we're actually getting a sword
in here oh right yeah okay well it's a
90 W charger and cable well that's a
bummer but to be fair it's actually
impressively small for a 90 W charging
brick it's about the same size as
Apple's 27 W one there's a second
compartment I like the Sim ejector
that's the Hogwart School emblem and on
the inside I love this case if you're
feels very much designed with this
specific version of the phone in mind
and then on the inside is a soft felt
finish with a dementa carved in which is
not going to be enough to suck the fun
out of this for
[Music]
me there's actually so much going on
here considering that the phone at a
glance doesn't actually look messy they
have crammed in a lot of Easter eggs you
know I'm not even the resident Harry
Potter expert can you help me out I love
this this is so awesome okay so what are
all these okay so I actually have no
idea what these are I know what all of
these are that's the Hogwarts emblem
Draco Dorian nunquam titas it's actually
really strange it sounds really fancy
and it means never tickle a sleeping
Dragon what I think it's meant to be
like you know the quote um let sleeping
dogs lie it's like if you see a sleeping
Dragon don't tickle it noted what are
all these things so these are all the
seven haw rockes is it a spoiler if I
explain a HS is there such thing as
Harry Potter spoilers at this day
Voldemort split his soul into seven
different pieces so that he can't die
just by someone killing him so the seven
different things that he split into
these are the seven things the seven
items that's so cool it's Harry's
lightning bolt where the flash is and
then it says lumos because that's where
you're lighting up from and lumos is a
spell for light would you switch from an
iPhone to this yes hand it over hand it
over i' switch for this backing this is
a verbal contract oh I've just realized
the curvature on this k case perfectly
matches the curvature on the phone such
that when you put them together that's
how you do it that is how you do it it's
shocking that I'm so surprised by this
but you'd be amazed how many companies
don't think to match their case designs
with the phone designs 64% 64% how long
has it been 15 and 1 12 minutes that is
extremely fast just before we turn it
all on the tablet is something
completely new similarly really tasteful
box design it looks a lot like the
excellent book cover art that we've had
over the years what is in this it's not
the tablet but it's so heavy oh the back
has the long quote from the Sorting Hat
trying to decide whether to put Harry in
Slytherin or Gryffindor what oh my
goodness it's hogwart's invitation
letter but like also a proper
leather-like carrying case with a magnet
where the stamp is I don't think I've
ever been fanboying as hard as I am
right now with this limited edition and
then inside is is this another case yeah
it looks like a hard case as a second
option but hats off no P Nintendos to
whoever made this this is a surreal
experience and then there's another
little slide out box which has stickers
four pages of stickers okay then
underneath the tablet three more boxes
oh man don't tell me we're going to be
able to control this thing with a wand
uh okay oh that's still pretty cool
though it's a one colored very clearly
custom stylus with Harry's lightning
bolt next to the charging port in here
is a Sim ejector tool and then manuals
and in the final box is oh you doing so
well it's just a standard white power
brick and
cable all right let's see what the
bootup screens look like oh that was
kind of funky smoker
mirrors the tablet was a bit less
interesting so the theming on this phone
is it's okay it's a little half-hearted
I would say some icons are completely
gold others have a little gold ring but
they're still their normal colors
there's actually very little they've
done to this phone the folders look cool
I guess oh this is cool the always on
display has this smoke disappearing
effect is this the Ravenclaw diadem yeah
okay so thank you so look at this it's
like smoke effect oh wait no it's
changing oh that's even cooler cuz
that's one of the other HW cruxes which
one
the locket
of Voldemort
technically correct thank you wait so
then every time you turn your phone on
and off it Cycles to a new H Crux wow
that's wicked what about when you plug
it in oh it's kind of cool also just
realized there's a little wizard's hat
on the lock screen o no way quick way to
change a wallpaper between the various
houses isn't it kind of crazy that we
live in a time where this whole package
was $500 like all the effort and thought
that went into this limited edition but
even forgetting all of that just just
how much phone you now get like this
thing right here is a nearly
top-of-the-line chip it's a nice OLED
display it's 16 gigs of RAM 512 gigs of
storage 50 map main camera using Sony's
light 600 sensor which is part of a
whole new range of sensors which are
designed for mid-range phones but I
wonder if they're specifically better
since it is a brand new Range okay so
let's compare dr's old phone to D's new
phone oh no the Harry Potter phone photo
is atrocious compared to the iPhone
the difference is actually insane oh
yeah I'm wanting to do this for a while
lumos okay it's meant to turn the
flashlight on the tablet's design is a
lot simpler than the phone's design
which is strange considering it has four
times the canvas size to play with but
I'm assuming they've done that because
of the stickers oh I've just realized
they've themed each one of these Pages
after one of the houses I think I'm a
Ravenclaw
bu here we go I don't know what any of
these items
are so this is a 120 HZ 12.1in display
which is quite a nice size but it's only
an LCD screen I guess because your
screen is going to be a much bigger part
of the cost of a tablet than it is on a
phone you can save a lot by going for
LCD versus OLED but you can tell it
looks pretty washed out and is not
nearly as bright as the phone the thing
is also just a lot less powerful than
the phone in every way like less
powerful chip less Ram Less storage and
it's a bit weird because your tablet
especially big tablets like this are
usually where your proper work happens
I'm guessing the company just decided
that all of these Harry Potter products
they need to be affordable and to make a
tablet as affordable as a phone you need
to cut more corners or you know bmot
secretly their business
manager ah so this is the redmi Smart
patter I've just connected via Bluetooth
it's actually surprisingly responsive
and it's got not one but two different
buttons on it so I can use one of them
to cycle between which instrument I'm
writing with and the other one Cy
between the color that's actually really
well executed and that one has just
turned to 100% how long exactly 30
minutes exactly 30 okay so the second
half of charging is definitely slower
than the first half but that's to be
expected and it's actually got really
really hot now that it's charged let's
actually have a little look at this
[Music]
phone who you cannot say they don't try
oh that wallpaper bumblebee is meant to
be a pretty fast guy so it's kind of
cool that every single time you leave an
app they've got this interactive
wallpaper in which he Zips forward back
into frame and they also give you quite
a lot of different always on display
options too feel like Transformers fans
really get treated man this just makes
me think red magic phones they're not
perfect you know they do need to work on
their camera quality and their software
a bit but also holding this in my hands
right now I I I can't shake the feeling
that this as a slab of Hardware is
perfected I love the two-tone finish on
the the back I love the smooth matte
sides the slim borders of the phone and
the fact that they're completely even
plus the front camera is invisible I
just feel like as a concept this right
here is what we've been dreaming of ever
since the very first smartphone now I
got to give a rating for all of these
okay
six 7 this gets a nine and a sub to the
channel would be
transformative now for something that I
100% guarantee you did not see coming
this is the minions of insta 360's goto
camera I won't lie to you I can't stand
the minions I know this is an unpopular
opinion but I nearly walked out of the
cinema during minions 3 and I just drove
past the cinema the other day to see
that there's another one coming and I
nearly H but I also someone who can
appreciate a really well themed limited
edition so this is the camera and what I
really like about it is that it feels
purposeful you can really tell that this
collab didn't come about from like hm
which brand is going to bring the
biggest media attention to our product
but instead hey our camera already kind
of looks like a minion wouldn't it be
funny if is a really high quality paint
job and it's just such a fun thumb-sized
way to record some actually pretty
decent looking 1440p video but this at
its core is a go two whereas the
company's actually just launched their
next Generation go 3s and is sponsoring
this video so I can give you an early
look at it essentially they've taken the
perks of all their previous go cameras
that they weigh less than 40 G that they
come with all the magnets and
attachments that you place them
basically anywhere but now with a big
focus on video quality because this now
shoots in 4K resolution they made a 40 G
camera that shoots 4K I have pens that
weigh more than 40 G so I have no idea
what they've done to make that happen
whenever I use these go cameras this is
how I do it so you put the included
magnetic necklace on and the camera just
snaps in place it automatically turns
itself on it turns itself off it records
Snippets throughout your day and it can
even edit them for you to the beat of a
song and also now with the 3s if you're
lose it you can find it with Apple's
fine my and you can connect it to the
action pod to turn it into a full-on
vlogging style camera with a rotating
screen and 140 minutes of battery life
per charge so link below to check it out
with a free extra screen protector I've
also realized something really cool
about this watch it rotates the watch
face based on which way up I'm looking
at it now this confuses me this is the
limited edition strawberry bare phone
here's the thing even with his cute
fluffy strawberry scented exterior this
guy is one of the main villains from Toy
Story why does he get his own limited
edition anyways in the first box oh oh
it actually smells like strawberry like
really noticeably so there's a case I
have no idea what this is a bracelet
juvenile handcuffs and this is maybe a
phone stand wait let me just take a
sniff wow it literally smells like I've
dived head first into a cinema pick and
mix stand so then the phone box you can
see the word loto written everywhere
which which is actually short for Lotso
hug and bear you know the character's
actual name a Sim ejector with his
cursed face stamped onto it there's an
insert with an about me card goodness me
a page of matte stickers and then a
completely clear case there's the phone
below which nothing really of note it
looks
like okay so does the phone smell a
strawberry no no it doesn't so what's
the deal with this loto bear well turns
out he is super popular in China he is
mass-produced he's unusually fluffy for
a villain and he smells like strawberry
like very
literally oh my God it's so
good and so he's actually become a bit
of a sensation outside of his real
origin people are buying him as the
strawberry bear not even knowing what
he's from or who he was this is the guy
who tried to kill Woody Buzz and the
Gang the phone itself has basically the
same design as the case it's like very
nearly cute with all the fruit patterned
across it and the soft gold highlights
going around the trim but then you look
down and shivers the bear's face is like
no joke 3D sculpted onto the back of
this so I can feel every Contour this
dude makes me so uneasy with his like
eyebrows and face it's very very
immediately clear though how much
thought has gone into the skin and even
the wallpaper almost looks like real fur
you're touching let's have a look at the
charging animation
[Music]
no
way strawberries are just falling into
his hand like so much effort has gone
into this and it's so strange now I just
realized also they've developed a custom
font for the lock screen clock every
part of this user interface looks like
you could stroke it so apparently we
should have custom loto frames that we
can use around our photos oh my goodness
that is absolutely atrocious thanks
strawberry bear I hate it but probably
the craziest part of this whole thing is
that loto bear should also be your
assistant here
oh to think this dude is hiding within
your software skin at all times but I
have to give credit where credits du for
what it is it's really cool to get
actually scentered stuff and I realized
the reason I wasn't completely sure what
this is is because I couldn't see how it
attaches to your phone
well magnets there's a ring of magnets
in this case which allows the bear to
just snap on and that is your phone
stand and then if you really well and
truly want to create a monster and this
weird lanyard handcuff thing attaches to
the bottom like
so who is this for who who would buy
this I think this is meant to be
endearing but it feels like a form of
torture I mean as far as the execution
goes I feel like it's hard to argue that
this is not a 10 out of 10 but it's just
that the idea that feels like a two to
me I think I've got some weird
strawberry bear phobia I'm not a fan now
with the majority of limited edition
phones they're not actually more
expensive than the company's normal
phones they're not really designed for
profit but instead just made in really
small quantities to create a sort of
buzz but when Lamborghini gets involved
that changes a little this is the $900
redmi Champion Edition and bear in mind
$900 is a pretty Monumental cost for a
company who sells most of their phones
at like 400 or less the Sim ejector is a
little Bland but I like the carbon fiber
style backing oh and the case is nice
too if I had to guess I would say that
car company cases are like the most
faked type of case so it's called to see
an official one which is designed to
have the same finish as a steering wheel
apparently I've just realized even all
the pull tabs are also custom shaped to
match Lamborghini's sharp design
language there's a charger underneath
also branded and 120 WS it's very nippy
then the smartphone and the cable
beneath that
[Music]
oh oh wow now to be completely real with
you I personally find Lamborghini cars
pretty disappointing I don't own one
hell no but I've done these like driving
experiences and every time I do one I'm
constantly surprised at how poor the
technology is within what's meant to be
a super car like genuinely a Hyundai at
a 20th of the price has better Tech that
said the Aesthetics of Lamborghinis are
Dro worthy and this seems seems to be
mostly borrowing that which makes it in
my books the nicest looking and feeling
redmi phone I have ever held in my hands
and the actual Lamborghini logo looks
like real gold even though it probably
isn't there's so much detail in the top
section and then the bottom section
mirrors that same Lamborghini style
Chevron but even the lanyard has the
same Chevron and then you use that
Chevron to place it within the case so
that when the phone is on top of it the
lanyard completely supports its
weight pretty neat brand integration
it's literally you versus the guy she
tells you not to worry about see the
boot
wa I see the appeal of that I guess you
could also say that this has Lambo
performance too this might genuinely be
the most spec out phone I've ever held
in my hands Snapdragon 8 gen 3 chip 24
GB of lpddr 5x Ram 1 terab of ufs 4.0
storage 5,000 mAh battery 120 w super
fast charging some part of me is
thinking should I switch to this It also
says the display goes up to 4,000 nits
of brightness my s24 ultra is rated at
2,600 although I wouldn't take that to
mean that this display is 40% Brighter
Than This display it's basically just
because the way that Peak brightness
numbers are measured can be very
specific use case so you can't apply
those numbers to the general use of the
phone the software skin is actually kind
of cool everything is hexagonal but at
the same time how did not one person
involved in this look at this weather
widget and think yeah maybe just at the
very least let's not include that on the
default home screen I'm kind of curious
how do the cameras on this compared to
the cameras on my phone if they are
actually better than I might just do
this let's give it a go I'm actually not
sure tell you what I'm going to put
these two images on screen you guys tell
me which one you think is better maybe I
will switch now just before we get to
the biggest limited edition thing that
I've ever opened let's take a look at
the most expensive phone so you saw the
$900 Lamborghini phone right but what
can Porsche cook up with honor for over
three times that price you can really
tell that you're opening something
expensive This Time Around by the sheer
volume of packaging oh they couldn't
have made a non-stick label seriously
honor okay we're in so this is a stylus
I do appreciate how it's included in the
Box it makes a big difference when an
accessory is the default option but wow
does this company not know how to use
sticky
the phone feels really really light but
we'll get to that oh three boxes
underneath I like the look of this
middle one so that is a Porsche Design
Sim ejector and inside is a beautiful
looking case yes please looks like the
same stitching that you get in the seats
of a Porsche what's this I think it's a
pen case wow it really is beautiful
though it's really hard to communicate
the quality to through the camera but it
feels designer also pretty slick how
every single accessory so far is matte
black I I feel like I'm unboxing a full
in theme EDC kit even these throwaway
inserts they're not like plain cardboard
texture it feels like the real deal okay
the cable is pretty standard and the
charger oh my God that's three times now
it's definitely not me but yeah the
Charger looks pretty basic too so what's
in here oh it's the same thing so cable
and then power brick Oh but this one's a
UK power brick instead of Euro well
there are definitely much more efficient
ways to give you both options but hey I
guess at $3,000 they just do not care
they're just pretty happy to throw stuff
at
you four times four times honor what are
you doing so this is the iconic Porsche
fly line this kind of swooshing Ridge
shape that you get along the panels of
their cars the camera module is designed
to look like a Porsche windshield and
the color is Porsche's Agate gray I mean
I can kind of buy it like if you're a
real fan of their cars then seeing that
exact shade of gray on their phone maybe
but to me gray is just Gray you'd really
have to know to know and this iconic fly
line they talk up so much it doesn't
really look much different to the ridge
on the Lamborghini phone or really any
other Ridge I've seen it all just feels
a little bit trivial it's like we
partnered with legendary carmaker
Porsche to
create a crease on the back of our phone
that said the design is not just for
show this phone as well as titanium
lettering in the camera also has a super
light titanium hinge and to give them
credit it is shockingly slim and light
this is 234 G that's less than the
weight of an iPhone 14 pro Max but that
is wild for a folding phone with
literally two times the screen area and
this software skin actually feels very
sophisticated compared to the ones we've
tested before they haven't themed every
single icon but because the theming
itself is so subtle it doesn't look like
a mess also both screens just generally
look and feel really responsive and
bright and colorful the stylus feels
amazing it's actually quite nice cuz
it's got a rubberized tip and I've been
really used to using the apple pencil
and every time you touch the screen with
that it feels like you're hitting it I
got to hand it to them it's a really
polished system and I love the fact that
the pen works on both the inner screen
and the outer screen you know this is
actually the first time I'm using a
stylist that I genuinely think Rivals
the iPad with the apple pencil only
thing is because of this rubberized tip
it actually creates a little bit of
resistance when you're writing so you
have to push a little bit harder but
this is a sports car class fiberglass
body which is cool in that fiberglass is
much stronger than normal glass but at
the same time fiberglass is basically
just reinforced plastic so I wonder if
it actually scratches easier I hate the
fact that I have to do this I bought
this with my own money but science
sometimes I am my own biggest problem so
what we want is Mo's hardness pick level
six because this will do basically
nothing to the back of iPhone's glass
but now let's try the Porsche Design
well why am I like this why am I like
this yeah that's pretty rough oh no I
wanted it to survive that well okay now
we're at it even the screen is meant to
be something quite different this is
Honor's antiscratch nanoc Crystal Shield
they're basically saying that partly
thanks to a film of silicon nitride
which fittingly is actually a material
used in real car engines this will stay
as good as new even without a protective
film with 10 times more wear and drop
existant versus competitors which I mean
if they actually deliver on that is like
all I've ever been asking for on a phone
so let's flip them over right so we'll
start with level seven this time so on
the
iPhone doesn't really do much to be
honest okay so now the
honor
oh okay nothing at
all so let's try level eight so far I
haven't used a single phone that hasn't
been damaged by level eight so iPhone
yikes okay that carved right through it
and now
honor okay okay there is damage but it's
quite a bit lighter than it was on the
iPhone so I guess silicum nitroid works
we got to see more companies trying this
oh yeah there's one thing this phone can
apparently do that I've been really
wanting to try it's meant to be able to
detect motion and capture automatically
I pop this up here and then let's see I
just jump in the
[Music]
air it literally captured me toppling
over at the end I think the feature
needs some work I think this is such an
interesting limited edition though 9 out
of 10 time for the big boy box this is
something we've never seen before on
this series a limited edition fullon
gaming PC so this is based off
evangelion's unit 2 Evangelion is a show
all about people piloting meccas to
defeat enemies who threaten Humanity
called angels and this Mecca is piloted
by one of the main characters Asuka wow
I don't even know where to start I feel
like very few people get to actually go
Hands-On with something like this you
can see Rog branding across the sides
because this was actually made in
collaboration between Asus Republic of
Gamers and overclockers UK and I just
can't quite believe the quality of
finish this is cool Tech but also the
really cool thing about having a custom
gaming PC is it's not just the PC C it's
like everything on the inside like I'm
just peeking my head in but I can
already see so many references to
evangelon to Asuka to her specific Mecca
W it looks like a crystal etched LED lit
kind of backing they've done the entire
power supply enclosure the graphics card
the graphics card itself is custom
evangelon this is one of the coolest
pieces of Technology I've ever
interacted with but also when have you
ever seen a CPU coer with an actual LCD
display on it so it's giving you all
sorts of different system readings like
CPU temperature GPU temperature the
current clock speed as well I mean in a
way it's incredibly pointless because
all of these stats are already
communicated internally anyway but you
can also use the screen to display an
infinitely looping GIF I'm just putting
that out there not that I have any plans
of what I would infinitely
Loop I've also never seen a power supply
that actively in real time displays the
current wattage being supplied also 188
Watts for an idle PC is quite a large
amount I feel like can't look at a
single part of this PC and not see a
reference to the show like even the back
plate over here reminds me of the metal
armor plating of the mecca oh yeah
they've also braided every single cable
red and black it's also actually wild
how girthy graphics cards become like
this GPU Riser here I'm pretty sure is
the only thing keeping this upright it
even extends to the outside of the case
this is a magnetically attachable
external Wi-Fi antenna for the
Wi-Fi 6E that it has but let's see what
it can do because the specs are
redonkulous like I'm talking 14th gen
Intel Core I9 with a boost speed of up
to 6 GHz 32 gigs of ddr5 RAM 2 tbte M2
mvme SSD oh yeah and the custom Nvidia
GeForce RTX 490 graphics card this is
the creme DOA Creme of current gen
performance okay so we're in cyberpunk
2077 and this is a fun bit because I'm
not going to go low medium high or Ultra
I am going to go into overdrive wow
those fans really work I wonder what the
wattage is right now 643 WTS haven't
even clicked play
yet holy
cow oh this this is something else it's
like like I've seen really impressive
graphics on games before but this is
like that but then with another
cinematic layer on top it's got really
high quality motion blur like every time
I run I feel like in one of those high
octane fight sequences but also the
lighting everything has this really
subtle soft glow I've never actually
played cyberpunk myself cuz the bugs
would apparently so bad but this really
makes me want to give it a shot the fact
that I can crank the settings to these
kinds of levels and not even worry about
performance wow I hope you found this as
cool as I did I'll link you to the next
rarest Tech video around there see you
there